Adding Java SDK Tilequery API page (#742)
mapbox/android-docs: src/pages/java/overview/tilequery.md

---
title: "Tilequery"
description: "Official documentation on the Mapbox Java SDK Tilequery API"
prependJs:
  - "import CodeLanguageToggle from '../../../components/code-language-toggle';"
  - "import ToggleableCodeBlock from '../../../components/toggleable-code-block';"
  - "import { Floater } from '../../../components/floater';"

---

The Mapbox Tilequery API allows you to retrieve data about specific features from a vector tileset, based on a given latitude and longitude. The API makes it possible to query for features within a radius, do point in polygon queries, query for features in multiple composite layers, and augment data from the Mapbox Geocoding API with custom data.

> [Read the full documentation on the Tilequery API](https://www.mapbox.com/api-documentation/#tilequery)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about this API, see the [Mapbox Tilequery API documentation](https://www.mapbox.com/api-documentation/#tilequery).
```

## Building the query URL

To begin with, you'll need to create a new instance of the `MapboxTilequery` object and use its builder to customize your query. The options offered in the builder includes choices such as the query coordinate, the type of GeoJSON geometry you're searching for, and the search area radius.

{{
<CodeLanguageToggle id="tilequery-request" />
<ToggleableCodeBlock

java={`
MapboxTilequery tilequery = MapboxTilequery.builder()
	.accessToken(MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN)
	.mapIds(mapId)
	.query(Point.fromLngLat(LONGITUDE,LATITUDE))
	.radius(radiusInMeters)
	.limit(maxNumOfFeaturesReturned)
	.geometry(geoJsonShape)
	.dedupe(boolean)
	.layers(singleOrListOfMapLayerIds)
	.build();
`}

kotlin={`
val tilequery = MapboxTilequery.builder()
	.accessToken(MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN)
	.mapIds(mapId)
	.query(Point.fromLngLat(LONGITUDE,LATITUDE))
	.radius(radiusInMeters)
	.limit(maxNumOfFeaturesReturned)
	.geometry(geoJsonShape)
	.dedupe(boolean)
	.layers(singleOrListOfMapLayerIds)
	.build()
`}
/>
}}

{{
  <Floater
    url="https://www.mapbox.com/help/tilequery-api-playground/"
    title="Tilequery Playground"
    category="playground"

>     text="Explore how the API to retrieve features from vector tiles."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text="Explore how to use the Tilequery API to retrieve features from vector tiles."
```

  />
}}

## Query response

> You can access the Tilequery API's response inside of the `onResponse` callback. The callback is a Retrofit callback, similar to all of the Mapbox Java SDK's other API calls. The response will include a `List<Feature>` if the query you built has any `Feature`s in it. However, there's no guarantee that the response will have any `Feature` objects in it.  

Reviewer: > The callback is a Retrofit callback, similar to all of the Mapbox Java SDK's other API calls.

I think this sentence could use a little clarification. Would something like "The `onResponse` callback is a Retrofit callback, similar to callbacks received in responses to other API calls to the Mapbox Java SDK." be accurate? And is it possible to expand on how it's similar?
